hello this is Dan with easy worship tech
support in this video I'll be showing
you how to backup your database from
easy worship 2007 or 2009 to a flash
drive these instructions are applicable
if you are running Windows XP a flash
drive with at least 16 gig of storage is
recommended for backing up your database
make sure your flash drive is inserted
into a USB port on your computer when
you start the first thing you need to do
is determine where easy worship is
storing the database on your computer to
do this you will need to open ez worship
and click on the profiles menu if you
have more than one profile listed on
that drop-down menu make a note of which
one is selected this is the profile easy
worship is currently using in this case
it's the default profile then click on
profiles manager highlight the profile
easy worship is using and click Edit the
selected application profile below you
will look under the option that says use
an existing application data instance to
find the path where that profile is
pointing if you click in that field it
will show you the full path location you
can use your arrow keys on the keyboard
to view all of it you will want to write
this down the default location for easy
worship will be C documents and settings
all users shared documents soft touch
easy worship default the last folder in
that path will be the profile folder
that you will backup in this case it
will be the default folder at this point
you can close all of these windows and
close easy worship
using Windows Explorer you will browse
to the location you noted previously
again in this case I will browse to the
C Drive documents and settings all users
shared documents soft touch easy worship
and at the level where you see the
profile folder you will right click on
that folder and select send to and then
select your removable disk this will
copy that folder and its contents to
your flash drive if you have images
and/or videos stored in other locations
on your computer you will need to back
those up separately once it's finished
you can remove the flash drive from the
computer and store it safely until your
next backup or use it to restore to
another computer thanks for watching and
thank you for choosing ez worship